Hey. my love.
No. stop it. No.
How did it go?
I thought Jonasi
would be part of the panel.
My brother is the CEO of this company.
he doesn't do interviews.
Yeah. Gesh.
But I wanted to make a good impression.
I want to be known here for merit.
not for dating the operations manager
who also happens to be the CEO's brother.
That's if I even get the job.
Baby. This job is yours.
-It's yours.
-Hmm.
-Now. how about a little kiss?
-Uh-uh.
-Please.
-Of course.
Come on. Let's go.
-Hey!
-Uh-uh.
Hi.
Are you good?
Listen. I heard that chocolate mocha
is your favourite.
So. I…
I need a favour. Buhle.
Can you please allow me
to. uh. give the boss this file?
Personally.
Boss doesn't wanna be disturbed.
Listen. I just…
I really want to introduce myself.
He doesn't even know my name.
and I really need this promotion.
You know. us girls
have to stick together. right?
You want to know what my main job
as Mr. Gomora's PA actually is?
Okay.
It's to stop women like you
from disturbing him.
So are you leaving this file?
Yes or no. huh?
Hey! Hey!
-Sir.
-Mr. Gomora.
I came to drop off this file.
You must obviously be new here.
Because you haven't heard
the horror stories of the CEO that bites.
Matipa Nkosi.
Hmm.
Compliance.
I don't scare easily.
Well. that's obvious.
Let me leave now.
and not waste any of your time.
You're the one holding my hand. ma'am.
Um.
-Mmm.
-Oh.
Sorry. I'll just…
It looks like our guests
will start arriving anytime now. sir.
-Oh. what an achievement.
-Yeah.
-What's up. Brother?
-My brother.
-Congratulations to that.
-Thanks.
Hear. hear.
This place looks really cool.
You will enjoy it.
-You know what. baby…
-PDA at work.
Mmm.
-Brother. Joyce is in labor.
-Hmm?
-Hey. congratulations.
-She's in labor.
-Champagne?
-Uh. yes. please.
My boy is sleeping.
-He's just sleeping now.
-Mm-hmm.
-Thank you. my love.
-I'm proud of you. You know that?
-You know who I'm proud of?
-Tell me who?
-Mr. Gomora.
-Oh. stop it.
No. seriously. I mean. look. look.
Because in one single day you…
-Mm-hmm.
-…you. my darling.
-have gained a beautiful baby boy.
-Mm-hmm.
Wow.
-In addition to that…
-Mm-hmm.
…you now have a JSE-listed company?
-Hey. Mm-hmm.
-Hey.
-You did that!
-Look at you.
And it's all because of you. Joyce.
You did all of this.
Mm-mmm. Mm-mmm.
Okay. okay.
-Hmm?
-Let me stop being humble.
Yes. baby.
-And admit…
-Mm-hmm.
…that we did this.
-Together.
Kiss me. babe.
-Congrats.
-To us.
To us.
And to him.
Nkazi-Nkazi.
Daddy's boy.
Mr. Gomora.
Yes.
You forgot something.
-What's wrong?
-Hmm?
It's just…
I think I…
I left the party too early.
Actually. the party hadn't even started.
-Mmm.
And I didn't get a chance to mingle
with the new stakeholders. you know?
Go back.
No.
-I can't leave you and the baby.
-Mm-mmm.
Nkazi is fine.
Hmm.
I'm also fine.
Mm-hmm? Okay.
Hmm.
Okay.
-All right.
-Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
-Brother. Why are you back here?
-Oh. Brother.
I'm looking for… …Ndlovu.
He just left. You missed him.
-Damn.
-No. but I need to go. my brother.
I'm sorry. Someone's waiting for me.
Don't break your back. Brother.
No. mine is strong.
This one. it's very strong.
Powerful!
-Hey there. fellas.
-Ah. Hey. Brother.
No. I'm telling you.
It's very interesting.
-Mr. Gomora.
-Good evening.
-Yes.
Can I please have a word with you?
Okay.
You have a beautiful family.
Did you come here to talk about my family?
Hmm?
Did you come here to…
Huh?
I'm dating your brother.
Come again?
I said I'm dating your brother. Jo.
Dump him.
You hear me?
Screw him.
If I dump him. I'll be yours?
Exactly what I want from you.
Hey? Baby.
Welcome to your office. my love.
You know what. my baby?
People work for years here
without having an office.
And in under five months.
you're in the executive wing.
You know. I'm not most people.
That calls for a celebration.
Oh.
Uh. maybe some other time.
-You won't get into trouble.
-I'm busy. Gesh.
What's wrong. baby?
Listen.
I'm grateful.
For your contribution
and helping me to get to this position.
But for somebody in my position.
I don't think dating at work
is a good look.
Besides. you're a married man.
You have Essie.
You have children and a whole family.
Is it true?
That you're fucking my brother?
Are you gonna answer me. Matipa?
Answer me!
Don't embarrass yourself. Gesh.
Uh. Oh. Brother.
Is everything okay?
-Everything is fine. Brother.
-Oh.
Excuse me.
Paging. Mr. Gomora.
Joyce General Dealer
closing shop in exactly five minutes.
Hurry. hurry. before you miss out.
Oh. wow. You know what?
I am going to drive him crazy.
-Babe.
-Joyce.
I thought you were sleeping.
Mm-mmm.
I thought the Joyce General Dealership
is closed for the night.
-Oh. no. never.
-Uh-huh.
We can always make an exception
for our most loyal client.
Oh. I've been waiting for you.
I have been waiting.
I've been waiting.
I…
Jo?
Uh-uh. Jo. please.
-Just a little. Hmm?
-Mm-mmm.
-Just a little. Just…
Mm-mmm. Mm-mmm.
Mm-mmm.
I'm left unsatisfied while he snores.
Do you blame him?
Have you looked at yourself?
Your T-shirt is covered with milk.
your teeth are stained with wine.
-and you wear that bonnet day and night.
-Ma. give me a break. would you?
Who is this skank that he's busy with?
Do you know her?
No. I don't.
Find her. my girl.
Don't let people play with you.
And when you get to meet her.
be gorgeous.
Make sure you look good
and you smell good.
Because she'll take
one look at you and see you like this.
then she'll think she has won.
Don't let people walk all over you. Joyce.
Right?
Mommy mustn't allow that. hmm?
Buhle. I'm not leaving
until you tell me the truth.
Do you understand?
I swear. I know nothing. ma'am.
Do you still enjoy working here?
-Very much so. ma'am.
-Okay.
And you do know that a person
who is honest
and trustworthy
is very important to me. right?
So. don't make me ask you
the same question twice.
Damn!
Mrs. Gomora. we weren't expecting you.
Can I put you in for your usual?
-That'd be nice.
-Please follow me.
Thank you. thank you.
Ooh. friend.
The dress I picked.
it looks so good on me.
Listen. when my man sees me tonight.
I want him to question himself
and wonder what he ever saw
in that old hag he calls a wife.
I want him to ask himself.
"What was I high on?"
No. stop! What do you mean?
No. don't tell me about his stupid wife.
Yes.
Oh. come on. How?
It's fine. I'll talk to you later. okay?
Okay. Bye.
Of course.
I'll see you.
Who the fuck are you talking about?
Come here. little bitch! Stupid whore!
Who's the stupid wife
you're talking about?
Who's the stupid wife? Huh?
You're sleeping with my husband.
-How could--
-What are you doing?
Get your hands off me! I want to teach
this fucking slut a lesson.
You!
You. you!
Hey! Piss off. man! You slut!
That's why you're trash…
-Stay away from my man!
-…because you do trashy things. Fuck off!
Close your damn legs. you whore!
-You're a skank! I'll beat you up!
-You're trash! Fuck off!
That's why your husband
is cheating on you!
-You've got a lot of nerve.
-Keep your fucking legs closed!
-I'll kick your ass!
-You've got a lot of nerve.
-Piece of shit.
-Raggedy-ass bitch.
Leave me alone.
How do I start this?
Every successful marriage
has five pillars.
No. man. it doesn't sound right.
I need to rephrase it. No.
Every successful marriage
is held together by five pillars.
That's better.
Hmm. Jo.
You're back. Mr. Gomora.
Listen. the people
at Ivory Oasis have said
-that they want to start some--
-Now. listen here. Joyce.
Your behavior as of late
is disgusting to me.
When did you start being a street girl?
You're beating innocent people now?
That poor girl is traumatized. you hear?
And what about me. Jonasi?
Am I happy about all of this?
Stop being selfish. man.
Joyce. what do you want?
All right. Jo.
I'm going to tell you this just once.
You will break up
with that slut of a woman.
If you don't want to do that.
get out of here.
Joyce.
Don't tell me what to do.
And you can't kick me out of my own home.
I built this house.
Mm-mmm. Mm-mmm.
We built this house together.
-No. no. I built this house. Understood?
-Oh. wow.
If I recall. this house was not built by
Facebook or anything or whatever you do.
Mmm.
I own everything in this home.
Yeah. you know what? Wow. today?
Today you're on fire. Mr. Gomora.
-Can you see that?
-Really?
So you want me to leave?
All right. No. that's fine. I'll leave.
So then stay here with your kids
and tell them where their mother is!
That's what you want?
-Okay. fine. Okay.
-You want to be the parent? Be the parent!
Stay.
Stay in your fucking house.
What? Excuse me?
Jonasi.
Just wait.
-Joyce. stop. Hey. hey. hey!
-Please.
Stop! Just stop it. Jonasi!
-What are people gonna say? Stop it!
-Oh!
Now you care about what people say?
She was insulting me!
You know. you're lucky
that she didn't press charges.
Please.
I'm begging you.
Please. Gomora.
I'm begging you. please.
I don't know who you are anymore.
You aren't recognizable to me.
You're out of control. Joyce.
You're out of control.
Jo. please. I'm begging you.
Please. I'm begging you.
Jonasi!
Oh. my…
Mom. are you seriously making us do this?
Mom!
-No. this is toxic.
-But. Ma. this is wrong. Mom.
-Uh-uh-uh. no! Hold it right there.
-So wrong.
There's nothing toxic
about what we're doing.
Your father is the toxic one.
Well. not from where I'm standing.
Mpume. I'm warning you.
Please say one more thing.
Say it again.
I will smack you with a hot one.
Just say one more thing. and I'll…
Buzz off. man!
Busy talking nonsense.
What is this? No. What?
Joyce.
-Joyce.
-Oh. my goodness.
-Take him.
-Hold on. hold…
What's going…
-The children miss their father.
-What is this? What are you doing?
The children miss their father.
So they want to spend
the whole weekend with you.
Hmm?
Hey. hey. hey. Joyce. what are you doing?
You're being unreasonable now.
Didn't you leave home two months ago
to snuggle up here?
So you didn't think
your kids miss you. huh?
All right. listen.
Stay here. and I'll pick you up on Sunday.
-Sunday?
-You said you missed Daddy.
-Didn't you say you miss your father?
-Oh. come on.
What?
-What you are doing is madness.
-Oh.
Weren't you the one that said
you're in love with this man?
Unfortunately. my dear.
this man comes as a package.
Here's the package. Here.
Enjoy then. dear.
Hmm?
Joyce.
Dad. I think it's better
if I hold him before he cries.
It's been so long.
There we go. Hello. baby.
Hello.
I'm really sorry about this. love.
There's no need to apologize. my love.
Clearly it looks like we're going to need
a much bigger place
so that the kids can have their own space.
You know?
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Yeah.
Welcome to your new home.
It's ours now?
A-And I love it. I love it!
Let's go inside. Hurry. let's go inside.
Careful. I'm wearing heels.
Okay. okay.
Watch your step. Watch your step.
Especially my brand deal with Ivory Oasis.
So you will show up…
-…to the celebration…
-Oh. my goodness.
…whether you like it or not. All right?
Hey. Joyce.
This is quite the pickle.
I don't know what to do anymore.
Tell me.
This back and forth between you and Joyce.
when do you plan for it to end?
Matipa. this is not as easy as you think.
My love.
Don't be handcuffed
into a decision you made 20 years ago.
A lot has changed since then.
And if I'm being honest.
I'm getting tired.
I'm tired of being
your dirty little secret.
It's time to make a choice and decide what
you want to do with your life. my love.
Hang on. a-are you…
Is that an ultimatum?
Hmm?
-My love.
-Yeah?
I just want you all to myself.
Mmm. I want to love you
the way you should be loved.
That's all I want.
All right.
I'll speak to the lawyer.
-Mm-hmm?
-Mm-hmm.
Jonasi filed for divorce.
Mm-hmm.
Hold on.
That's smoke.
My goodness.
Wait here.
My goodness!
It's burning! The house is on fire!
Matipa. come! The house is on fire!
Its all burning!
Come. come. come.
Don't breathe. Hold your breath.
-I can't see.
-Come this way. Follow me.
The telephone number you called
-is not available at the moment.
-Shit!
Please try again later.
Oh. God.
Oh. God. Oh. God. Oh. God. Oh. God.
Oh… Oh. God.
God.
Shit!
Ma. What's going on?
Ma.